Jumpdafuckup!

Muthafucka you don't understand all my hate!
Muthafucka you don't understand all my rage!
Muthafucka you don't understand all my pain!
Muthafucka you don't understand...

You seem to sever all my frequencies
I'm tethered to your energies
And everything turns inside out
I can't be killed but I'm not too proud...
Maybe you would like to peak through the curtain
At the same mistake you know you always make, but...
All I really wanna know is
Are you gonna lay the fuck back down
Or jumpdafuckup?

Walking in the streets and looking at all this shit
I'm full of hate, don't fuck with me
Walking in the streets and looking at all this shit
Open up your eyes and fucking see
We got the tribe against society
We got to fight the real enemy
Get the fuck up, stand the fuck up, back the fuck up!

All this is making things a bit insane
And I don't care who stares or stays
The only thing that matters is
Will you reach out if you can't resist?
Maybe you don't give a shit for the rest of us
But if you do the time is now, if it ever was
If you're gonna fight, whatcha gonna do?...
Jumpdafuckup!

Muthafucka you don't understand all my hate!
Muthafucka you don't understand all my rage!
Muthafucka you don't understand all my pain!
Muthafucka you don't understand...

How dare you single out my honesty?
Compare me to your travesties?
I only want to see you fight
The darkness you wanna live your life by...
And if you're gonna quit
I don't give a shit
What the fuck? I'm a Mack truck
Are you gonna give up like a bitch
Or jumpdafuckup?

Walking in the streets and looking at all this shit
I'm full of hate, don't fuck with me
Walking in the streets and looking at all this shit
Open up your eyes and fucking see
We got the tribe against society
We got to fight the real enemy
Get the fuck up, stand the fuck up
MuthafuckAAAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHH!

I'm a self-destructive piece of shit
Smear me in
I don't owe you a goddam thing
This life never had the swing
I don't wanna be immortal or legend or anything
Cause the longer I'm alive, the better of you'll be
Get ready for epitome... come on and pity me...
Will you kill me if I say please?

I'm the same old reason not to try
What the hell?
Beat to death with a shovel and a new smell
Come and get me; Mom would never let me do it
I'm ruined, I don't want anything from you
'Cause I've got nothing left to prove, come on
My time, everything feels fine, goodbye
Killing from the inside!