The Notorious B.I.G. and Puff Daddy:
Uh, uh
Check it out
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh, um
(I like this) Yeah
Nine-four

To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies?
The back of the club sipping Moët is where you'll find me
The back of the club, macking hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question asking, blunt passing, music blasting, but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep wit'
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not?
Why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot?
Now check it, I got more mack than Craig and in the bed
Believe me sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fucking players
Jump in the Rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the GS3
I got the chronic by the tree

(I love it when you call me big poppa)
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
To the honies getting money playing niggas like dummies
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby

Straight up honey really I'm asking
Most of these niggas think they be macking, but they be acting
Who they attracting with that line, "What's your name, what's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind
And ask what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while?
I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around two
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, 'cause in a few we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right boo? (True)
Forget the telly, we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the Jacuzzi, smoke L's while you do me

(I love it when you call me big poppa)
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
To the honies getting money playing niggas like dummies
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby

(How you living, Biggie Smalls?) In mansion and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream, fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote Gats strapped with infrared beams
Chopping O's, smoking la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However living better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BM's, I'm the man, girlfriend

Puff Daddy:
Honey, check it
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend, aight?
Is that aight with you?
Yeah, keep bangin'

The Notorious B.I.G. and Puff Daddy:
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
To the honies getting money playing niggas like dummies
(I love it when you call me big poppa)
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby, uh

The Notorious B.I.G.:
Check it out, my full shit for that ass
Uh, Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls
Junior M.A.F.I.A., represent baby, baby, uh