Why is everybody always pickin' on me?
(Why is everybody always pickin' on me?)
Does anybody really know a thing about me?
(Does anybody really know a thing about me?)

But one of these days we'll be in the same place,
In the same place punk, at the very same time, (yeah)
But when it takes place and you wanna talk shit,
Then step your ass up and say it right to my face!

You'll get knocked the fuck out,
'Cause your mouth's writing checks that your ass can't cash
Knocked straight the fuck out,
'Cause your mouth's writing checks that your ass can't cash

I ain't believing all the shit you've been talkin' about me,
(I ain't believing all the shit you've been talkin' about me)
Don't even know me and still you're talkin' shit about me,
(Don't even know me and still you're talkin' shit about me)

But one of these days I'm gonna catch you in the act,
In the act, red-handed caught up in the act, (punk)
And that'll be the day, the one and only day
To step your ass up and say it right to my face!

You'll get knocked the fuck out,
'Cause your mouth's writing checks that your ass can't cash
Knocked straight the fuck out,
'Cause your mouth's writing checks that your ass can't cash

So where you at?
Where you been?
I'm sure I'll be seeing you again,
'Cause this world is really small,
Can't we all get along?

Where you at?
Where you been?
I'm sure I'll be seeing you again,
'Cause this world's really small,
Can't we all get along?

How pathetic are people who verbally rape us with talking?
We try to ignore them, ignore them until they keep talking
They think that they're building an empire without us
But we've got the torch now
We've got the fire to burn this motherfucker down down down,
Burn this motherfucker down down down,
Burn this motherfucker DOWN DOWN DOWN,
Burn this motherfucker DOWN DOWN,
Burn this motherfucker!

You'll get knocked the fuck out,
'Cause your mouth wrote a check that your ass can't cash
Knocked straight the fuck out,
'Cause your mouth wrote a check that your ass can't cash,
That your ass can't cash!

Motherfucker!
Just shut your FUCKIN' MOUTH!

Bring it on, Lethal...
Come on!