Rich Gang!

If you hatin' you just need some pussy
She fucked up when she gave me some pussy
I said I fuck you better than that other nigga
She say Tune I'm 'bout to cum, I say I'm comin' which ya
She don't like them pretty niggas, sidity niggas
She ride this dick, her titties jiggle, that's my pillows
That's because I sleep in that ho
Hit it when I wake up tell the pigs I say Asalaam Alaykum
Uh, my bitch a choosy lover never fuck without a rubber
Sweet yellow bone thing, I call her honey mustard
Pussy like a sea shell, dick like a V-12
She say I drive her crazy, I say just keep on your seatbelt
Bend it over bust it open for me
Baby bend it over bust it open for me
She say she love me she loves this dick
Come put that million dollar pussy on me make me rich
Tunechi

She got that million dollar, million dollar ooh, ooh oh
She got that million dollar, million dollar ooh, oh oh
And all I want to do is touch it (touch it, ooh, ooh oh)
Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout
And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout

Crib made her tapout, sauna made her tapout
Jet made her tapout, pilot with the map out
Million on the diamonds, million on the kitchen
Millions on the Maybach, glass top ceilings
Million dollar pussy, sleepin' on Versace
Sleepin' on Fendi, sleepin' on Cavalli
Married to the money, millions in the bank
Alexander McQueen rich in the paint

I got that fuck you if you love me on some nigga shit
She got the million dollar seven figure nigga rich
We switch positions like we doin' yoga in this bitch
She get the shakin' then stiff

She got that million dollar, million dollar ooh, ooh oh
She got that million dollar, million dollar ooh, oh oh
And all I want to do is touch it (touch it, ooh, ooh oh)
Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout
And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout

Million dollar pussy...
Million dollar pussy...

Six inch, pumps, play with his balls, dunks
Bald head, yep, don't want no Forrest, Gumps
Don't let me tell ya, twice, already told you, once
(Eat that pussy!)
W-W-W-Who got that baddest pussy on the planet?
D-Boyz love me, they don't understand it
Ooh, deep throat
Million dollar pussy might pounce on that ass
Threw them hundreds until I lose count on that ass
Max out all of them accounts on that ass
Million dollar checks don't bounce on that ass
Pull up in that you can't afford this
Only rap bitch on the Forbes list
Pussy jewelry make 'em say burr man
R-r-r-rubs hands like Birdman

She got that million dollar, million dollar ooh, ooh oh
She got that million dollar, million dollar ooh, oh oh
And all I want to do is touch it (touch it, ooh, ooh oh)
Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout
And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout

Rich Gang... and Rich girl
Sexy Slim, I see you
Paradise home, flossing while you're shining
Jumping out Bugatti's, fuck the money game up
Why? I don't know
Sweet D! Love you babygirl

I'm in love with your gimpsin' skin and you talkin' 'bout religion...
I'm in prison with the pussy... and I'm ballin', no cushion