Fred: Say what, say what? Say what, say what? Say what, say what?

Jonathan: My dick is bigger than yours... My band is bigger than yours

Fred: Too bad I got your beans in my bag (aha)
You stuck up sucker, KoЯny mother fucker (ooh)
Taking over flows, it's the limp, pimp
Need a (dick) bizkit to save this group from Jon Davis
I'm gonna drop a little East Side skill (ooh)
So you best step back, 'cause I'ma kill, I'ma kill
So what you thinking. Mr. Raggedy Man?
Doing all you can to look like Raggedy Anne

Jonathan: Check you out punk, yes I know you feel it
You look like one of those dancers from the Hanson video (say what, say what)
You little faggot ho
Please give me some shit to work with
'Cause right now, I'm all it, kid
Suck my dick, kid
Like your daddy did

Fred: Who the fuck you think you talkin' to?
I'm known for eating whiney little chumps like you (whatever)
All up in my face with that "Are you ready?!"
When halitosis is all you're rockin' steady
You little fairy, smelling on your flowers
Nappy hairy chest, look it's Austin Powers! (Ah yeah, baby)
I hear you tokin' on them fag pipes clod, but you said it best
"There's no place to hide."

Jonathan: What the fuck you saying?
You're a pimp - whatever
Limp dick, Fred Durst needs to rehearse
Needs to reverse, what he's sayin' (Say what, say what)
Wannabe Funkdoobie's what you're playin'
Rippin' at my bag, counterfeit, fakin'
Plus your bills I'm payin'
You can't eat that shit every day, Fred
Lay off the bacon

Fred: Say what, say what? You better your fuckin' mouth Jon

Jon: So you hate me!
Fred: And I hate you!
Jon: You know what, you know what, it's all in the family
I hate you!
Fred: You hate me!
Jon: You know what, it's all in the family

Jon: Look at you fool, I'm gonna fuck you up twice
Throwing rhymes at me like, oh shit all right! Vanilla Ice!
You better run, run while you can
Can never fuck me up, Bitz Climpkit
At least I got a phat original band

Fred: Who's hot? Who's not? (You)
You best step back, KoRn on the cob (okay)
You need a new job (ha)
Tryin' to take 'em mic skills back to the dentist
And buy yourself a new drill (fuck you)
You pumpkin pie, I'll jack off in your eye
Climbing shoots and ladders, while your ego shatters
But you just can't get away (get a gay?)
Because it's Doomsday kid, it's Doomsday

Jon: So I hate you!
Fred: And you hate me!
Jon: You know what, you know what, it's all in the family
I hate you!
Fred: And you hate me!
Jon: You know what, you know what, it's all in the family

Fred: You call yourself a singer (yep)
You're more like Jerry Springer (oh, cool)
Your favorite band is Winger (Winger)
And all you eat is zingers (zingers?)
You're like a fruity pebble
Your favorite flag is rebel (yee ha!)
It's just too bad that you're a fag and on a lower level

Jonathan: So you're from Jacksonville, kicking it like Buffalo Bill
Getting butt-fucked by your uncle Chuck
While your sister's on her knees waiting for your fuckin' nut (oh yeah)

Fred: Wait, where'd you get that little dance? (Over here)
Like them idiots in Waco, you're burning up in Bako (huh)
Where your father had your mother, your mother had your brother (nah uh)
It's just too bad your father's mad and your mother's now your lover

Jonathan: Come on hillbilly, can your horse do a fuckin' wheelie?
You love it down south and, boy, you sure do got a purty mouth

Jonathan: I hate you!
Fred: And you hate me!
Jonathan: You know what, you know what, it's all in the family
And I hate you!
Fred: And you hate me!
Jonathan: You know what, you know what, it's all in the family

Jonathan: And I love you!
Fred: And I want you!
Jonathan: And I'll suck you!
Fred: And I'll fuck you!
Jonathan: And I'll butt fuck you!
Fred: And I'll eat you!
Jonathan: And I'll lick your little dick, motherfucker
Fred: Say what? Say... what?