Well I'm so tired of the rain falling softly on the ground,
Just enough to get my feet wet but not enough to let me drown.
I've been laying in my bed wishing I had never woken,
Begging god to rid my head of every word you've ever spoken.
Broke my knuckles on the wall because I thought about the call
Where you said you'd always love me, do you not tell the truth at all?
Well if I ever cross your mind, make sure you write down the times
So I will know the moments I was eating you alive.

Now I lay here waiting with the hope that I might find some sleep
I need some sleep tonight,
'Cause I've been waiting on your call but I know it will never come
But I'm still waiting by the phone.

And don't you dare, don't you dare,
Say you ever loved me or even tell me that you cared
Cause you knew what you were doing and you know just what you've done
How dare you say you miss me with your spit still on his tongue.
I am broken. I am beaten. I'm mistreated and I'm torn.
I am cold with no direction but I'm lost without your warmth.
I'm trying hard to find some hope that I might get the chance to breathe.
Get off my mind, give back my heart and get the fuck away from me!

I know I couldn't give you much, but I know I gave my best,
You were always my princess, and now he's sliding up your dress
And I know I gave the world everything I've ever had,
Johnny Cash said love would burn, I never thought it'd hurt this bad.

Well I'm so tired of the rain falling softly on the ground,
Just enough to get my feet wet but not enough to let me drown.
I've been laying in my bed wishing I had never woken,
Begging god to rid my head of every word you've ever spoken.
Broke my knuckles on the wall because I thought about the call
Where you said you'd always love me, do you not tell the truth at all?
Well if I ever cross your mind make sure you write down the times,
So I will know the moments I was eating you alive.

You are the itch that's on my back.
You are the gum under my shoe.
You are the horrors of my past.
You are the chill that haunts the room.
You are the creaking on my steps.
You are cancer. You are plague.
You are regret. You are disease.
I wish that you would go away.